it's called a door
yeah like what's it doing in a dungeon
I'm curious to know what it's wind-up
dude
but is that possible if you think that's
how check this out show me
hmm unbelievable
it can't be how did they get their power
levels so high often soon the ultimate
Bakugan will exist
this isn't sounding good Marie Joe this
database indicates the ultimate Bakugan
doesn't exist yet
the highest then
yes my precious hydranoid
some kind of joke right now
your battle me kid
allow me to introduce myself I'm the
world's most gifted horses Cuba let me
take care of them no runo I do not like
this tree I say he is the world's most
gifted jerk
and I'm going to prove it I'll get your
revenge marucho will no wait you can't
fight him alone
dan hey you didn't expect me to just
stand around a watch you hear that
tentaclear looks like we can take out
two bozos with one Bakugan I am going to
enjoy this doom card set